All right, you ready?
Yes, sir.
20 seconds
on the clock, please.
We asked 100 married women --
if men wore loin cloths,
what size
would your husband wear?
3X.
Name something --
Okay, I'm sorry.
[ Laughter ]
3X. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. 3X?
Oh, boy, that was funny.
I'm sorry.
Okay, we got to set up.
[ Laughing ]
-Oh, regular people?
-He said, "Oh..."
He said,
"Oh, regular people?"
Yeah.
Yeah, that's probably
who answered the question.
Here we go.
We asked 100 married women --
if men wore loin cloths,
what size
would your husband wear?
3X.
Name something
a squirrel might do
if another squirrel
stole its nuts.
Bite it.
How many rounds
do most boxing matches go?
Eight.
Finish this phrase --
"Leave it..." what?
Alone.
Name something specific
people put in their mouths
when they're sick.
Medicine.
[ Bell rings ]
Come on, let's go.
-Yeah! Okay, G!
-Yeah.
All right, man.
We asked 100 married women --
if men wore loin cloths,
what size
would your husband wear?
You said...
Damn!
3X!
"Mama, here come that man!"
Survey said...
Well, I didn't think
it was that many.
-3?
-3!
Name something
a squirrel might do
if another squirrel
stole its nuts.
You said...
Bite it.
Survey said...
Yeah.
How many rounds
do most boxing matches go?
You said...
Eight.
Survey said...
Finish the phrase --
"Leave it..." what?
You said...
Leave it alone.
Survey said...
Yeah.
Name something specific
people put in their mouths
when they're sick.
You said...
Medicine.
Survey said...
Yeah. All right, brother.
All right.
♪♪
Stefon.
All right, man,
your boy Gerald did pretty good.
-Gerald got 136 points.
-That's right!
You need 64 to win.
-You ready?
-Yes, sir.
All right, let's remind
everybody of Gerald's answers.
25 seconds on the clock,
please.
Here we go.
We asked 100 married women --
if men wore loin cloths,
what size
would your husband wear?
Medium.
Name something
a squirrel might do
if another squirrel
stole its nuts.
Beat him up.
[ Buzzer ]
Try again.
Steal it back.
All right. How many rounds
do most boxing matches go?
12.
Finish this phrase --
"Leave it..." what?
In.
Name something specific --
[ Laughter ]
Name something specific
people put -- I got --
[ Laughter ]
Is this real?
Oh, my God.
-Oh!
-Man...
-Hey, it is what it is.
-Oh my...
All right, we got to
ask this last one. Okay.
Take your time, pay attention.
Here we go. Listen to me.
Name something specific
people put in their mouths
when they're sick.
Thermometer.
All right, let's go.
Good answer. Come on.
All right, we need
64 points for 25,000 bucks.
We asked 100 married women --
if men wore loin cloths,
what size
would your husband wear?
-I said Medium!
-You said...
Come on!
Yeah, medium! Yeah!
Made you all feel
a lot better, didn't it?
'Cause that damn Gerald
said 3X.
What?
Whew!
Come on, G.
Survey said...
-Regular people.
-3X?
Yeah,
that's what we said.
He said 3X.
Number-one answer was large.
Yeah, right.
We need 37 points. Name
something a squirrel might do
if another squirrel
stole its nuts.
You said...
Steal it back.
Survey said...
Fight, bite, and kill was
the number-one answer.
-Squirrels kill each other?
-We need 23.
Yeah, they -- probably not.
23 points away.
How many rounds
do most boxing matches go?
You said...
12. Survey said...
-10.
10 was
the number-one answer.
We 7 points away.
There ain't no way
we gonna get it on this one.
Y'all better hope
that last one's good
'cause this is a stunner
right here.
Come on, pimp!
Finish this phrase --
"Leave it..." what?
You said...
In.
[ Laughter ]
All your boys over there said,
"And that's your problem."
-Oh, man.
-That's your problem, dawg.
Survey said...
[ Buzzer ]
All right, number-one answer
was "Leave it alone."
Leave it alone.
He got it.
We're 7 points away
from the money.
Name something specific
people put in their mouths
when they're sick.
You said...
Thermometer.
Survey said...
Boom.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Steve: Thermometer was
the number-one answer.
That's $25,000
to the Professional
Athletes Foundation.
I want to thank Gerald and Mitch
and the rest of everybody,
all the players for coming out
on "Celebrity Family Feud."
Stay tuned. We're gonna have
two new families
when "Celebrity Family Feud"
continues.
♪♪